Core Python Programming by Sreenivasulu Akkem
=============================================
I) Language Fundamentals
-------------------------
Python Language Fundamentals Introduction
https://youtu.be/uGB0Jbe_aUc

Python Programming Indentation Rules
https://youtu.be/vhQTo3lU080

Python Programming Indentation Rules Part 2
https://youtu.be/aJlKlx0543s

Python Comments
https://youtu.be/xiIP1jbS5dE

Python Identifiers
https://youtu.be/w4Oewqwvje0

Python Keywords or Reserved Words
https://youtu.be/2lxO9MrQDRk

What are Python Datatypes
https://youtu.be/R5xosbxFpA8

Types of Datatypes in Python
https://youtu.be/iFM9gEagPNQ

Simple Datatypes in Python Introduction
https://youtu.be/o6wOEvN8xfo

Simple Datatypes in Python - Int datatype Part 1
https://youtu.be/L4KwvZnvC6g

Simple Datatypes in Python - Int datatype Part 2
https://youtu.be/uFBdlElqxJ4

Simple Datatypes in Python - Int datatype Part 3
https://youtu.be/hL7RlCrl4Bc

Simple Datatypes in Python - Float datatype
https://youtu.be/CGy4tSgOOkU

Simple Datatypes in Python - Complex datatype
https://youtu.be/JyFvRJKia2I

Simple Datatypes in Python - bool datatype
https://youtu.be/n93zI9uw9jY

Python Simple Datatypes - String datatype
https://youtu.be/VU31rTlRoP4

Python Collection Datatypes - Introduction
https://youtu.be/CeSStV-qvkc

Python Collection Datatypes - tuple, list, set and dictionary
https://youtu.be/cWh0TMbyp0s

Python Bytes Datatype
https://youtu.be/_0MKdVjPHlw

Python Byte array Datatype
https://youtu.be/frPkHKxEThw

Python Range Datatype
https://youtu.be/hW2Wk2Fsj4k

Python None Datatype
https://youtu.be/OjmxKL3XxjI

Python Type Casting
https://youtu.be/gjw_bwSEr3c

Python Literals
https://youtu.be/VeMmoDtLpiU

Python Escape Characters
https://youtu.be/qprmPRgr8WA

Python Constants
https://youtu.be/LB635_cXnYk

Python Naming Conventions
https://youtu.be/Fn2xkKd0TQI

II) Python Operators (Core Python Programming)
----------------------------------------------
Python Operators Introduction
https://youtu.be/RbcB6Hp3Uxg

Python Operators - Arithmetic Operators
https://youtu.be/O5PxYLzZhYg

Python Operators - Arithmetic Operators Part 2
https://youtu.be/Q6M6dpImjmw

Python Operators - Relational Operators
https://youtu.be/hltPiapmsFc

Python Operators - Equality Operators
https://youtu.be/kJQ5pVrLKzU

Python Operators - Logical Operators
https://youtu.be/B-2PVC7lGoY

Python Operators - Logical AND Operator
https://youtu.be/B_q5_MpVjug

Python Operators - Logical OR Operator
https://youtu.be/LUO6f1LUe_Y

Python Operators - Logical NOT Operator
https://youtu.be/6h6o1APTiVs

Python Operators - Bitwise Operators
https://youtu.be/q_1VgpT4vJM

Python Operators - Bitwise Operators Part 2
https://youtu.be/dESvUPdXy6g

Python Operators - Assignment Operators
https://youtu.be/aFYvRiibDEw

Python Operators - Ternary Operators
https://youtu.be/zhInKOKfmO4

Python Operators - Special Operators
https://youtu.be/npG2DYKfOgg

III) Python Input & Output Statements
=====================================
Python Program to Reading Dynamic data from Keyboard
https://youtu.be/X0Dxdfe5r7s

Python eval function
https://youtu.be/S2fQCPRM7S0

Python Command line arguments
https://youtu.be/HI-Yy9kckMc

Python Output statements
https://youtu.be/r9f-0JFouk8

IV) Python Flow Control Statements
Python Flow Control Statements Introduction
https://youtu.be/UUzBCoBZbvw

Python Types of Flow Control Statements
https://youtu.be/RF0NG4oHbmw

Python Conditional Flow Control Statements Part 1
https://youtu.be/Iam9x-ZCJfg

Python Conditional Flow Control Statements Part 2
https://youtu.be/qL3_rF2safM

Python Conditional Flow Control Statements Part 3
https://youtu.be/S7CTi_oeZeM

Python Conditional Flow Control Statements Part 4
https://youtu.be/W0_hy-zsoJM

Python Conditional Flow Control Statements Part 5
https://youtu.be/8EKTLsQOx8o

Python Conditional Flow Control Statements Part 6
https://youtu.be/G1MLFCXzQik

Python Conditional Flow Control Statements Part 7
https://youtu.be/FMu9NfJIAEs

Python Conditional Flow Control Statements Part 8
https://youtu.be/Fh4sQ5woW6I

Python Iterative Statements Part 1
https://youtu.be/NdT6P9fHb6M

Python Iterative Statements Part 2
https://youtu.be/JPaPeM77TAE

Python Iterative Statements Part 3
https://youtu.be/ImLatGHUxP0

Python Iterative Statements Part 4 
https://youtu.be/LhnuAjTxLPs

Python Iterative Statements Part 5
https://youtu.be/UqAws_Wye_g

Python Iterative Statements Part 6
https://youtu.be/vvsfD_7hnn8

Python Iterative Statements Part 7
https://youtu.be/FdPdVR3FFDk

Python Transfer Statements Part 1
https://youtu.be/HK83jQXIE7Y

Python Transfer Statements Part 2
https://youtu.be/rJM-PNZNKf0

Loops with Else Block in Python
https://youtu.be/MCDhTgmpkdQ


